What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	you have to go trhough the terminal in the location where you want to create the repository and int the control "git init" 

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?
	
	repository offer you the possibility to track all your changes and eventually go back if something go wrong

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

	by adding file with the command git add and then by check with the command git status everytime 

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

	for example if you want to add some version with other language to your project

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	Because they show us clearly all the branch structure with all his commits

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

	we can add all the things there are present in the branch into master, we use a diagram for understand correctly how the process work

What are the pros and cons of Git's automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?

	Git offer the possibility to do the procedure automaticly, that.s save us time plus reduce possibility to make a misstake

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

	it allow you to choose which files to add in your commit

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

	by running the command "git diff --staged". that's show all difference brtween repository and staging area

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

	when you have to adding some "new version" for example or another version with some change but you still want to keep clean and indipendent the original version

